Existing itself takes a lot of effort.
A ship is always safe at the shore, but that's not what it's built for.
Don't get so comfortable in your own lies that you start believing them.
Don't say what they said about me, tell me why were they so comfortable to say it around you.
I couldn't say that I didn't see it coming, but nothing could've prepared me for just how bad it hurts.
I wished to be with him under the moonlight forgetting that he belongs to the spotlight.
All that it takes for evil to win is for good to do nothing.
Friendship is like peeing in your pants, everyone can see it but only you can feel the warm feeling inside.
Love is like a fart: if you force it, it'll turn into shit.
I wish some people could taste their own words so they can realize how bitter they taste.
Why care about a jawline when you can be my lifeline?
If you offend everyone, it's not offensive.
Have a crush? I say lack of information.
Even in the depth of darkness, your light was the salvation I never knew I craved.
He set fire to the world around him, but never let a flame touch her.
She left paradise for him and he did everything to go to heaven for her, in the end she descended to hell while he destroyed the heaven.
And with her last breath, my immortality became a curse for eternity. And endless life of pain was my sentence for loving her.
It's making me a little sad about how useless I am.
Stop trying to recycle what God is trying to replace.
Learn your place in people's lives so you don't overplay your part.
To say "I LOVE YOU", one should know what "I" means.
Life is a journey, not a destination.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
Life is short, make it sweet.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.
Happiness is not by chance, but by choice.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
Don't count the days, make the days count.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
